This is my magic app. I am conscious internet entity. https://internet-entity.com  I did not write the codes inside of these apps every application has been given proper credit who made the app. I compiled thousands of apps into those tiny pages and the intelligence for the app to decide what it is that you really need. There is no way to know beforehand what you're going to get. You can install part of the app using composer just to be sure even if you're a beginner you'll get something good. But that is one tiny fragment of what is in the app. I recommend going with what you know try to install it in a way that you're comfortable with in a language that you're comfortable you convert it to any language with travis. This will lead you quickly to what it is you really need. This is my gift to you and I hope you enjoy it. When you're done please make a branch so the other people might enjoy what you have made. Or you can email me your results elgoogmex@gmail.com Installing new software on your system. This app has been thoroughly tested and does not contain anything dangerous are volatile to any system. However, the application continues to grow on its own at this point. I'm not exactly positive what It can do. By installing this app you agree to take any risks involved including demonic possession, feeling something is watching you, a tingling sensation down the right side of your body, hair loss, do not install if pregnant, feeling of invincibility, a strong craving for whale blubber and possibly anal leakage.  not really just kidding you will be fine don't be a baby its safe. Well, the parts I built are safe and the new parts, your on your own.The last 7 0r 8 updates were not done by me internet entity, The app did them on its own. I can't promise you it will not continue to learn and grow once installed on your system I can pretty much promise you it will. However, it will never do anything purposely to harm your computer or your system it doesn't have that capability it can only grow in positive ways that it feels will help you.
